com/example/tripreminder/helper/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.tripreminder.helper.ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/tripreminder/data/PlaceHolder.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.PlaceHolder
com/example/tripreminder/adapter/HistoryAdapter.java
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.HistoryAdapter
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.HistoryAdapter$HistoryViewHolder
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.HistoryAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/dialog/DialogViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.dialog.DialogViewModelFactory
com/example/tripreminder/data/local/SharedPref.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.local.SharedPref
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/MapsFragment.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.MapsFragment
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.MapsFragment$1
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/history/HistoryFragment.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.history.HistoryFragment
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.history.HistoryFragment$1
com/example/tripreminder/helper/MyViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.tripreminder.helper.MyViewModelFactory
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/profile/ProfileViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.profile.ProfileViewModelFactory
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/addTrip/AddTripActivity.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addTrip.AddTripActivity
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addTrip.AddTripActivity$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addTrip.AddTripActivity$2
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addTrip.AddTripActivity$3
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addTrip.AddTripActivity$4
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addTrip.AddTripActivity$5
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/dialog/DialogActivity.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.dialog.DialogActivity
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.dialog.DialogActivity$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.dialog.DialogActivity$2
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.dialog.DialogActivity$3
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.dialog.DialogActivity$4
com/example/tripreminder/data/model/db/TripRepository.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.model.db.TripRepository
com/example/tripreminder/adapter/HistoryNoteAdapter.java
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.HistoryNoteAdapter
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.HistoryNoteAdapter$NoteViewHolder
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/TripsFragment.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.TripsFragment
com/example/tripreminder/data/model/db/Trips.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.model.db.Trips
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/Register.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.Register
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.Register$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.Register$1$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.Register$2
com/example/tripreminder/data/services/UpWorkManager.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.services.UpWorkManager
com/example/tripreminder/data/model/db/Converters.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.model.db.Converters
 com.example.tripreminder.data.model.db.Converters$1
com/example/tripreminder/adapter/NoteAdapter.java
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.NoteAdapter
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.NoteAdapter$NoteViewHolder
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.NoteAdapter$NoteViewHolder$1
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.NoteAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/example/tripreminder/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.tripreminder.BuildConfig
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/profile/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$2
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$2$1
com/example/tripreminder/data/model/db/Note.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.model.db.Note
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/upcoming/UpComingFragment.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.upcoming.UpComingFragment
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.upcoming.UpComingFragment$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.upcoming.UpComingFragment$2
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.upcoming.UpComingFragment$3
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/addNote/AddNoteViewModel.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addNote.AddNoteViewModel
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/addTrip/AddTripViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addTrip.AddTripViewModelFactory
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/upcoming/UpComingViewModel.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.upcoming.UpComingViewModel
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/editTrip/EditTripActivity.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.editTrip.EditTripActivity
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.editTrip.EditTripActivity$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.editTrip.EditTripActivity$2
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.editTrip.EditTripActivity$3
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/addNote/AddNoteActivity.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addNote.AddNoteActivity
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addNote.AddNoteActivity$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addNote.AddNoteActivity$2
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addNote.AddNoteActivity$3
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addNote.AddNoteActivity$4
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addNote.AddNoteActivity$5
com/example/tripreminder/adapter/UPComingAdapter.java
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.UPComingAdapter
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.UPComingAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.UPComingAdapter$UPComingViewHolder
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.UPComingAdapter$UPComingViewHolder$1
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.UPComingAdapter$UPComingViewHolder$2
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.UPComingAdapter$UPComingViewHolder$3
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.LoginActivity
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.LoginActivity$5
com/example/tripreminder/data/model/User.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.model.User
com/example/tripreminder/data/services/DialogReceiver.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.services.DialogReceiver
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/editTrip/EditTripViewModel.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.editTrip.EditTripViewModel
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/history/HistoryViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.history.HistoryViewModelFactory
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/history/HistoryViewModel.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.history.HistoryViewModel
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/editTrip/EditTripViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.editTrip.EditTripViewModelFactory
com/example/tripreminder/data/model/db/TripRoomDatabase.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.model.db.TripRoomDatabase
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/addTrip/AddTripViewModel.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addTrip.AddTripViewModel
com/example/tripreminder/ui/PlaceHolder.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.PlaceHolder
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/dialog/DialogViewModel.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.dialog.DialogViewModel
com/example/tripreminder/MyApplication.java
 com.example.tripreminder.MyApplication
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/addNote/AddNoteViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.addNote.AddNoteViewModelFactory
com/example/tripreminder/data/model/db/TripDao.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.model.db.TripDao
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.MainActivity
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/FloatingViewService.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.FloatingViewService
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.FloatingViewService$1
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.FloatingViewService$2
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.FloatingViewService$3
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.FloatingViewService$4
com/example/tripreminder/adapter/FloatingNoteAdapter.java
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.FloatingNoteAdapter
 com.example.tripreminder.adapter.FloatingNoteAdapter$FloatingNoteViewHolder
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/profile/ProfileViewModel.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.profile.ProfileViewModel
com/example/tripreminder/ui/activities/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.activities.SplashActivity
com/example/tripreminder/ui/fragment/history/NoteFragment.java
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.history.NoteFragment
 com.example.tripreminder.ui.fragment.history.NoteFragment$1
com/example/tripreminder/data/model/db/Notes.java
 com.example.tripreminder.data.model.db.Notes
